add python best practice and update python skills accordingly (#295)
microsoft/agent-skills: .github/skills/skill-creator/references/azure-sdk-patterns.md

result = await async_poller.result()
```

### Context Managers (Strongly Preferred)

**Always prefer context managers (`with` / `async with`) over manually constructing and closing clients.** They guarantee the underlying HTTP transport and credential sessions are closed, even on exceptions, and make the sync/async choice explicit at the call site.

```python
# ✅ Preferred — sync
with ConfigurationClient(endpoint, credential) as client:

>     setting = client.get_setting("key")
> 
> # ✅ Preferred — async (also wrap the async credential)
> async with DefaultAzureCredential() as credential, \
>            AsyncConfigurationClient(endpoint, credential) as client:

Reviewer: Consider adding the `from azure.identity.aio import DefaultAzureCredential` import to this snippet so it stands on its own. Without it, a reader who copies just this block could pull in the sync `DefaultAzureCredential` from `azure.identity` and reintroduce the exact sync/async mixing this PR is trying to prevent.

```suggestion
# ✅ Preferred — async (also wrap the async credential)
from azure.identity.aio import DefaultAzureCredential

async with DefaultAzureCredential() as credential, \
           AsyncConfigurationClient(endpoint, credential) as client:
```
